NETFLIX
PRESENTS
MILAN 1945
LAST DAYS OF WAR
THIS IS TRUE HISTORY.
THIS STORY IS TRUE-ISH.
Get out!
Out! Come on!
One second. This is our stuff!
-Mommy!
-Wait!
WHISPERS OF MEMORY
Did anyone follow you?
I'm a professional.
Since you're a professional,
make your own appointments next time.
-I'm not your secretary.
-The partisans?
They're still on for tonight.
What's with that face? Huh?
It's dangerous.
You're risking too much. For what?
For what?
For you.
For us.
I'll soon have enough money
for us to be able to go away.
Far from Borsalino and his boss.
Hail to il Duce!
Do you trust me?
Fighters…
I trust you.
…of land,
sea…
I'm going.
It's late.
Listen.
-I'll come by the Cabiria later.
-No.
-If Borsalino sees you, you'll hang.
-I'm a pro, I told you.
There is only one order.
Conquer!
-Duce!
Happy?
-The rest?
-Come.
-Why do they call you Isola?
-'Cause I work alone.
I know you're one of the few left
running the city's illegal market.
The only one.
It's a miracle that the fascists
haven't shut you down yet.
I'm a thief, not a spy.
Spies don't make enough money.
We could really do with someone like you.
-Yeah?
-And you could do with some friends.
A hundred kilos of TNT.
Five Stens, four Berettas,
four Mausers, and two Lugers.
And two boxes of ammunition.
I officially confiscate these weapons
on behalf of the resistance
and the Italian people.
Don't take it personally.
We're making history.
No one's smarter than history.
Not even you.
As you wish.
What the fuck you doing?
You said you work alone.
I need some friends. You said it yourself.
Easy does it.
-Not gonna count it?
-I trust you.
Someone's coming.
Fascists! Take cover!
Go!
No!
-They're coming, Let's go!
-Watch out!
Shit!
Fire!
Death to the fascists!
No!
Go!
-Fuck! The money!
-Does this seem like the time?
Stay down! Down!
Stay down!
CABIRIA THEATER
-See you later.
-"I'm sorry, Marcello."
"I lost the money, Marcello.
You saved my life."
Hey! Don't you start as well.
-Isola!
-What?
I don't wanna get hanged for a quickie.
I'm not making any promises.
Yvonne?
Don't call me "Yvonne."
Not you as well.
So, how did it go?
It went well.
A kiss?
Pietro.
-No, Pietro.
-Listen.
Pietro.
Open this.
-Listen.
-Keep it down.
-Miss Yvonne?
-Christ!
Miss Yvonne?
Just a sec.
I was getting changed.
Get a move on!
Borsalino's waiting for you.
Did you know, Professor,
a scorching iron in the liver causes
excruciating pain without being lethal?
At least not straight away.
The heat instantly cauterizes the wound
without any internal
or external hemorrhaging.
Some have survived for three days
without ever passing out.
A minimal knowledge of anatomy
and a little practice
is all it takes to find the right spots.
Who helped you print your Soviet booklets?
Secretary Borsalino, she's here.
We'll continue tomorrow, then.
NAME: EDOARDO
SURNAME: SCARANTINO
How are you doing?
Nearly there.
Any new comics from the Americans?
-Only this.
-The Corriere dei Piccoli.
Why? You aren't small?
That's crazy. He's complaining.
What's up with him?
Yvonne must've turned him down.
Hello?
Achille.
I can't sleep without you.
I'm busy at the prefecture.
Take your sedative and go to bed.
See you tomorrow.
You aren't done with your whore yet?
Good night, Nora.
THE END
Good night.
Wait.
Maybe you can figure this out.
Another load of weapons?
It's not like the other communications.
It's coded.
Try and take a look.
Good night, Marcello.
Good night.
Hey, Pietro. We don't even have
a lira left for food, huh?
Thanks for the press release, Marcello.
Go call Amedeo.
Amedeo.
Amedeo!
-Food's ready.
-Coming.
What are you doing?
Marcello asked me to work on something.
Pretty!
Haven't you done anything with her yet?
Sorry about last night.
I've been kind of an asshole.
I'm used to it.
We aren't just a team, you know?
We're a family.
Me, you, Marcello.
Right?
Come on.
Isola?
Thanks.
Corriere dei Piccoli.
Corriere dei Piccoli!
"C-D-P." Corriere dei Piccoli.
"P6," page six!
Forty-nine.
Three, four, five…
"Bring soon."
Twenty-seven.
"The gold"?
Gold. I don't believe it.
I did it!
So?
Marcello…
Last night he intercepted
a coded message from the prefecture.
-And?
-They have an escape plan.
-They want to escape.
-Who?
Mussolini.
Mussolini and all the leaders
of the Republic of Salò.
With 20 years of stolen Italian gold.
Can you imagine?
All of Italy's treasure in our hands.
It's in the Black Zone for now.
-They'll take everything to Switzerland.
-You're mad. What the fuck?
You can't approach the Black Zone!
-We'll find a way.
-They shoot on sight.
Not even a leaf falls
without Borsalino knowing.
-That's why you're there.
-No!
If you haven't noticed,
we're still at war.
Exactly. Who would do
something this crazy while at war?
-You.
-Us.
This is our chance, Yvonne.
The one we've been waiting for.
How can't you see that?
I'm sorry, little head.
It's practically--
Impossible.
What are we talking about?
The Black Zone is
the most surveilled place in Italy.
The whole military command is in there.
It's a mousetrap.
Hundreds of fascists ready to fire.
Armed guards on every corner.
Turrets with machine guns. Great!
The warehouse where they store the loot.
Let me see.
-What's that?
-What?
Over there.
The Torre delle Sirene.
That's where the alarms sound
for the whole city in case of bombing.
No.
I told you, Isola. Impossible.
-Stop being an asshole.
-Can I see?
It's not difficult. We need to think.
You need to think!
So, once we're in,
provided that we get in,
what do we say?
"Here for the goods. Sign, please"?
We just need a plan. And more men.
How much time?
-Seven days.
-Seven days?!
Fuck you.
Thanks for the show. Can we go?
I'm too old for this bullshit.
Isola!
We have to go!
-The rifle. Isola, let's go!
-Hurry up, Isola!
I know how to do it!
It's still crazy.
It's a plan.
It could work.
It will work.
-We only need three men.
-Three specialists.
Yes. A driver,
a bomb guy, and a featherweight.
I might have someone for the explosives.
-Do I know him?
-We haven't spoken in ages.
Is he trustworthy?
He's the best.
Good. Only two left. Suggestions?
Do they have to be men?
Got anyone specific in mind?
Her again?
Get back here! Stop her!
Halt!
Stop! Hands up!
Got a minute for me?
-The driver?
-Fabbri could do it.
-Fabbri?
-Not Fabbri.
-Yes, Fabbri.
-No. You know why.
Giovanni Fabbri,
the Mille Miglia champion?
The hero of the Nürburgring? That Fabbri?
Know any others, Amedeo?
Isn't he dead?
He's undercover.
Fabbri isn't trustworthy.
He is! He found God
and became trustworthy.
He's cleaned up.
Got the stuff?
Guess.
Take that as a "yes."
Listen, Giovanni, you're a draft dodger
hiding in his uncle's monastery.
I'm the nation's hero in Nürburgring,
if you don't mind.
Technically, if they find you,
they'll shoot you.
All right. What are we stealing?
We're robbing il Duce.
A fascist lawyer worked here.
This was his office.
Do I need a tetanus booster?
Fabbri, come on.
You don't have to move in.
It's an emergency shelter.
Was the cleaner fired?
Where's your explosives expert?
We have a problem.
Sons of bitches.
Shit!
I do not fear the unknown
as long as my soul doesn't betray me!
You still have time, my child. Repent.
Who are you?
A friend of Marcello Davoli.
Pirates!
Criminals! Cowards!
Long live anarchy!
The condemned refuses the sacraments.
Goodbye Lugano Bella
Oh sweet pious land
Fire! Fire, for Christ's sake!
The anarchists go away
But you speak of us
With a vile lie…
-Want some?
-No.
Look who's coming.
-Pietro.
-He prefers Isola.
"Isola." Is that a stage name?
-You're Molotov?
-Yes.
Is yours a stage name?
Mine's a nom de guerre. It's different.
Oh, yeah?
You were this tall
the last time I saw you.
You knew my father.
Michele? Are you kidding?
The three of us were like brothers.
You were in Fiume too?
We were ready to die.
We all believed in something then.
Me, your father, even him.
Yes. I almost lost my leg.
And I lost a friend.
If you want to survive,
better to be a thief than a hero.
Let's start.
This is the plan.
EXPLOSIVES
GATE, SHELTER, TOWER
Everyone will have their part,
so listen up and don't piss me off.
We have less than five days left.
DEATH TO BANDITS
To enter the Black Zone,
we need permits, certified by Salò.
Hessa will procure one,
and Amedeo will make some fakes.
And the RSI's stamp?
I don't have molds for that.
The original is only in--
Obviously, I already have someone
who can steal one.
-And she agreed?
-Yvonne trusts me.
We'll get a military truck.
The kind the fascists use
to transport soldiers or prisoners.
Fabbri drives.
Molotov and I will be in the back
wearing official uniforms.
Everyone else will be under the bench.
Once inside,
how do we deal with the guards?
We lure them into the bunker
and lock them in.
How do we do that?
With a magic trick?
Almost.
We'll simulate an American air raid.
Those pieces of shit will
barricade themselves in like maggots.
We need you for that.
You'll climb up here,
the Torre delle Sirene,
the control center
for all the city's alarms.
That's it?
Who'll ensure the guards
go in the shelter?
We'll give them a little incentive.
Molotov and Amedeo.
They'll place the explosives
all along the perimeter.
When they explode, it'll be hell.
We'll have plenty of time
to steal the gold.
And the war is won.
Hang on.
Give me the paper, please.
Is this ugly scrawl supposed to be me?
Fabbri, don't be a pain.
You do realize
that I won a medal in Monte Carlo?
-That I'm the hero--
-Of the Nürburgring. We know.
Awarded by il Duce himself, by the way.
Say what you like about Benito,
but he knows his cars.
-Well, in that case--
-Enough!
What you hear out there isn't war.
It's history.
And history always screws us over.
You know why?
Because when people look at us,
they see petty crooks. That's what.
Nobodies.
Thanks, boss.
Not me, Fabbri.
I see pros.
Virtuous people.
And this is your chance to prove it.
And to take back, with some interest,
everything they stole from us.
Someone told me
that nobody can outsmart history.
Maybe he was right.
Maybe not.
But we'll never know if we don't try.
Fuck history.
That's all fine and dandy,
but how do I prepare the explosives?
What you have in mind
needs at least 100 kg of TNT.
Stealing from the fascists is impossible.
The Americans won't give us shit.
We need to retrieve
the last batch I sold to Ahab.
The load is in a villa in Brianza.
The owner's a friend of the resistance.
Great.
Who owns that villa?
Serbelloni.
Serbelloni who?
My director.
Marquis Serbelloni.
He's having a party
at his villa in Brianza tomorrow night.
And I have nothing to wear.
Secretary?
Coming.
Let's go.
Leonida!
Yvonne?
Hey.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I just drank too much.
You drank too much?
Why are you here?
I need a favor.
We need a stamp from the RSI's prefecture.
-A stamp?
-A stamp.
-You'll recognize it because it has--
-I know what the Black Zone stamp is like.
-Please, Yvonne.
-You have no idea.
The prefecture is a slaughterhouse.
There are guards everywhere.
They bring new prisoners in daily.
Borsalino's a monster.
You don't know what he's capable of.
He'll never suspect you.
Please, Yvonne.
Do you trust me?
Bye.
What should I do with you, Lamberti?
I warned you.
Lay your hands
on all of the city's contraband,
but not on my woman.
Don't tell me you're in love?
Lamberti.
A real businessman…
should think with this.
Not with this.
Nor…
with this.
Lamberti?
Leave Yvonne alone,
if you don't wanna be hanged.
You and your ragamuffin friends.
FOUR DAYS TO THE HEIST
Hello.
Do you want it or not?
You sure the weapons are here?
I'm sure.
We just need to make Serbelloni sing.
You ever seen anything like that?
I have.
Hey, Anarchy.
I got you out of that dive
to work, is that clear?
-Unbelievable. You're talking like a lord.
-Who's a lord, sorry?
If Michele heard you…
Hey.
You did a good job with the kid.
He knows his shit.
Michele would be proud of you both.
Doubt it. Pietro became a thief like me.
The truth? It was a fantasy.
The art deco of cinema is over.
Would you like some foie gras, Madam?
Because we artists
have the political and moral duty
to rip apart the Veil of Maya,
between the bourgeoisie
and the proletariat.
Because, sorry, Carlo,
the last thing you produced
was awful.
But it's not your fault. I'm the director.
Enough barriers. Enough superstructures.
And that's why I've decided
to shoot my adaptation of Madame Bovary
among the poor fishermen,
les pêcheurs, of Pantelleria.
Camillo, darling.
Tell me I will be your Emma Bovary.
Tell me!
My dear,
my imperishable source of beauty,
you won't be Madame Bovary.
Ladies and gentlemen,
you'll be the one and only
Madame Bovary.
-It will be a success. I can feel it.
-It's inevitable.
-Right, Carlo?
-Thank you.
What's up?
Trouble ahead.
-Good evening.
Red carpet. The premiere.
And I tell her,
"Nora, don't wear the train."
What does Nora do? She wears the train.
-Champagne?
-No, dear.
-You?
-The heels--
Oh my God! Pardon me.
-There we go.
-Pardon me.
It happens, dear.
-Marquis, forgive me.
-Don't worry, dear.
Imagine that I'd said yes.
Don't worry. C'est la jeunesse.
Only it's silk.
Excuse me. I'll retire to my rooms,
and be right back with you.
For fuck's sake!
What do you expect me to say?
You trust the people,
and this shit happens.
The weapons.
Marcellino.
Marcellino, get the cars ready.
Nation's hero, go keep lookout.
Get to work, guys. Come on!
Serbelloni?
I'm in here! What the fuck do you care?
I have to keep lookout.
Champagne!
-Move it.
-Move it!
Kiss me.
The Casanova of Navigli!
Come on, we have to go.
Uncle!
-Fiorenzo!
-Who the fuck did this?
I don't know. A waiter with a gun!
-What did he want?
-What?
What did he want?
The weapons!
Fiorenzo? Fiorenzo!
Untie me!
What the hell?
Come on.
For fuck's sake!
Don't move.
Your hands, let me see them.
Who the fuck are you?
How did you know about the weapons?
Turn around!
You?
Where were you?
I turned up in the end, didn't I?
Come on! Can you drive?
Sure!
It's up to Yvonne now.
Citizens.
Workers.
General strike
against the German occupation,
against the fascist war
for the salvation of our lands,
of our houses, our workshops.
As in Genoa and Turin,
make the Germans face the dilemma,
to surrender or perish.
You're here.
Darling.
Shall we go in there?
I want to show you something.
Come on.
No need to be scared.
Attention!
Attention, squad!
Salute!
Let's go.
Twenty years of the nation's glory.
Amazing.
Do you like it?
Whose is it?
It can be yours.
Don't joke.
I'm not joking.
Leave with me.
I'm taking care of everything.
The deal with the Swiss is already done.
We'll travel with Mussolini,
Claretta, and the escort.
Then, when the dust has settled,
we could buy a fazenda
in Argentina or Brazil.
In the sun.
Far from here.
Would you like that?
I don't know.
Nora never wanted a child.
But the two of us…
We could be happy.
We could be a family.
I don't think I'm cut out for motherhood.
You'll be a wonderful mother.
And I will always take care of you.
What's her name?
-Yvonne.
-Yvonne?
Yvonne.
She has a stage name too?
No. Nom de guerre.
Go to her, dumbass.
-What?
Don't you want a rest? You've earned it.
Well, so have you, right?
We're old. We'll rest when we're dead.
See you at the hideout later.
I knew you'd be a bad influence.
Fuck you.
Achille.
Aren't you tired of working?
You're pathetic.
Your little whore
doesn't give a shit about you.
And you know it.
Leave me alone, Nora.
You know who the first
topless actress in Italian cinema was?
-What?
-Answer.
Clara Calamai, The Jester's Supper.
Vittoria Carpi.
-Who's that?
-Artalo's wife.
In Blasetti's The Iron Crown.
A small part of a few seconds.
A meteor. A hummingbird's flutter.
Nobody remembers her.
And so?
You're Vittoria Carpi.
I was born to be loved by others.
In my life,
I've always been a protagonist.
You're just the body double of a leader.
An extra in your own shitty life.
And you're the daughter
of a cart driver from Cremona.
Eleonora Masciocchi.
Shut up.
You've been in more beds than films
to get where you are.
Shut up!
It's over, Nora.
Can I give you some advice?
Find yourself a new benefactor.
These days,
people like you meet a bad end.
Go.
Go!
Go to your whore!
She's waiting for you!
THREE DAYS TO THE HEIST
The siren of the Cabiria, Yvonne!
Brava!
You're beautiful!
Yvonne!
Don't touch her!
I told you to leave her alone.
You didn't want to listen.
She deserves better than a guy like you.
Yvonne!
Yvonne, we have to go.
Sir!
Get that son of a bitch
and all his friends.
I want them dead!
Can I have a cigarette?
It was my father's.
It's for you.
Get down!
Come on, go!
-The van?
-It's ready. Go!
Go!
Fuck, my rifle!
Marcello!
Isola?
Hey.
-What happened?
-The fascists came to the workshop.
A fucking army.
-Are you okay?
-Sort of.
I stopped the bleeding,
but we need to prevent infection.
Marcello.
Nothing can kill you.
What happened to her?
-I'm fine.
-Of course.
Borsalino. He tried to kill us.
Have we been rumbled?
-What?
-Have we been rumbled?
No. I don't think
he knows about the heist.
Listen.
Let's call a doctor
and end things here. What do you say?
End things here? You want to quit?
Isola, she needs a doctor.
He definitely needs a doctor.
I need a fucking doctor!
No, we can't go. It's too risky.
Borsalino's after us.
What did you do to piss him off so much?
Did you find them?
No. We're looking everywhere.
Yvonne?
How far along are you?
I don't know.
-So it could be--
-No.
It's yours. I'm sorry.
Why are you sorry?
It's a good thing.
Is it?
It'll be the most spoiled kid
in the world.
It'll have everything we never had.
Meaning?
Meaning this is a sign.
A sign of what?
-We have to do the heist.
-Still?
-You'll never make it.
-Yes, we will. Yes.
No. I'm sorry, but no.
I've been to the Black Zone.
It's worse than you all think.
This is suicide.
Did you see Mussolini's treasure?
How was it?
Just like we dreamed.
Who took you there?
Borsalino.
Why?
Isola!
And seven.
You're all here.
Thank God you didn't
get yourselves killed.
I thought I might be too late.
Gianna Ascari, what a pleasure.
-What the fuck do you want?
-I'm here to do business.
Business?
We'll split it 50/50.
Half for me and half for you.
It's more than enough.
-I don't know what you're talking about.
-But I do.
She was spying on us.
The other day, at the Cabiria,
I came to talk to you about Achille.
I wanted to ask you to let him go.
I was expecting an apology.
A little respect.
A little understanding, woman to woman.
But I found something better.
An idea.
They shoot on sight.
Not even a leaf falls
without Borsalino knowing.
That's why you're there.
Leonida and I could never
have got ourselves organized so quickly.
Since you had a good plan,
I decided to let you go ahead.
I do not fear the unknown
as long as my soul doesn't betray me!
I could've reported you at any time.
And I didn't.
This is the plan.
Everyone will have their part,
so listen up and don't piss me off.
So, if you agree,
you carry out the heist,
and I'll keep watching your backs.
At the end, we split the loot.
Isn't that what you say
in your slang? "Loot"?
You hate your husband that much?
I no longer factored into his plans.
Unlike someone else.
He asked her to leave with him.
You didn't know?
What if I kill you?
Leonida unleashes my husband on you,
with his militia,
and all the Germans in the city.
The treasure's going to Switzerland
with il Duce at dawn, during the curfew.
Didn't you get the last message?
Change of plans.
The Swiss anticipated the border crossing.
Issue the order to leave.
I want all our forces
defending the Black Zone.
What about the prisoners?
Leave no trace.
Fire!
You have… We have around 24 hours.
More or less.
THREE DAYS
24 HOURS TO THE HEIST
You can't be thinking about it?
There's not much to think about.
It's a reasonable offer.
Come on, Isola. Who's in charge here,
you or my husband's whore?
Deal.
-Isola!
-Hey!
Deal?
We'll handle the gold,
she'll handle her husband.
I see you can use your head.
-What are you doing? You trust her?
-What do you care?
-You're risking you and your child's life?
-You wanted to leave with him.
-What?
-You and the kid, stupid!
I pity you. Do you see what you've become?
Let me go.
How can I be sure it's not his kid?
-You think you're protecting me?
-I'm not doing this for you.
I have someone else to protect, Pietro.
The show's over.
We have until tomorrow night.
We'll never do it by tomorrow night!
Then leave.
If you want to leave, leave!
Whoever stays goes all the way.
I'm in.
So am I.
Fuck il Duce!
Who the fuck's driving?
What are you doing?
Sorry.
Prisoner Pietro Lamberti,
as per Federal Secretary Achille's orders.
Prisoner Pietro Lamberti.
Prisoner Pietro Lamberti… No.
Pietro Lamberti, on the orders
of Federal Secretary…
Salute! Documents!
A prisoner, Pietro Lamberti!
On the orders of Federal Secretary Achi…
Salute! Documents!
A prisoner! Pietro Lamberti!
On the orders… Heil!
Salute! Documents!
A prisoner! Pietro Lamberti!
On the orders
of Federal Secretary Achille Borsalino!
Sorry, we're in a hurry.
1:55 a.m.
Sirens at 3:00.
And five minutes later, fireworks.
You sure?
Punch me.
-Harder.
-You sure?
Harder!
Another one?
That's fine, thanks.
Let's go!
ZERO HOURS TO THE HEIST
What are you carrying?
A prisoner. Lamberti Pietro.
NATIONAL REPUBLICAN GUARD
Refer to the lieutenant on duty.
-Open the gate!
-Open up.
You have to close it, come on!
Hey! The treasure's in there.
Torre delle Sirene. Go.
Come on, pal. Let's go.
Get out, please. Brigadier.
Out.
Who's he?
Pietro Lamberti. Prisoner.
I haven't been informed.
On the orders
of Federal Secretary Achille Borsalino.
The secretary hasn't told me anything.
Follow me.
You should go. It's almost time.
-Get a move on. Go on.
-Thanks.
Shut up, and you won't get hurt.
You left me no choice.
What do you want?
Calm down.
I don't want to hurt you.
Nora isn't an easy woman, I admit, but…
she has one virtue.
She's always been smart.
She chose the right man. The right life.
What did you choose?
A parasite. A thief.
Maybe I'm just a whore.
Maybe we're meant for each other.
A few hours, and we'll be over the border.
In time, you'll realize
this was the right choice.
I love you.
What is it?
Excuse me, Secretary.
A prisoner's been brought
to the depot for you.
A prisoner?
Lamberti Pietro.
Sir?
I'm on my way.
Don't let him out of your sight.
EXPLOSIVE
-Aim.
-Alarm!
Stop!
What are you doing?
Relax, comrade. I'm on patrol too.
Let me see your documents.
Yeah, sure.
Here they are.
Tie him up!
Stop!
Long live anarchy!
Shit!
Stop!
Go!
Let's go! Move!
You can't leave me too.
Let's go! Hurry up!
Fabbri, Fabbri,
we have to lock the shelter's door!
Come on!
Fuck you, Fabbri! Fuck you!
-Go!
-Let's go!
Go! Quick!
Go!
Damn!
This bar is fucking heavy!
Look here! Look.
I'm losing my mind.
You like it, huh?
Look at this stuff.
Start with the gold bars!
Who the fuck saw this coming?
Where's Molotov?
He deserved to at least see it.
Molotov didn't do it for the money.
Enjoy your victory.
It's what you wanted, right?
I'm a thief, Marcello.
Come on, let's move it!
It's not over till we're far from here!
What are these?
Wedding rings.
Donations…
from all the Italian wives
to fund the war effort.
My mother donated hers.
It was her only memory of Dad.
Your husband?
Consensual separation.
Irreconcilable differences.
Half for you, half for us, as agreed.
I…
I don't know how to tell you this, Isola.
You aren't going anywhere.
This wasn't the deal.
Don't preach.
You'd have done the same to me.
You're right.
Weapons down! I'm not joking!
Weapons down!
Leonida!
I guess you have no choice
but to let us go.
Pietro.
Don't hurt her.
Maybe your friends didn't understand.
-Let her go.
-No.
-Don't hurt him!
-Let her go!
-Don't hurt him! Pietro!
Such a nice girl.
You should've listened to her.
Bastard!
Yvonne!
It was a pleasure doing business with you.
-On your knees!
-No! Pietro!
Please!
Pietro!
I'm a national hero.
Go!
-Come on. This way!
-Go!
-Come on!
-Marcello!
Isola!
-Take cover!
-Ahab…
You needed a friend, Isola!
-Get out of here!
-Go!
Bomb!
-Yvonne!
-Pietro!
Pietro!
The girl wasn't joking.
She warned you, didn't she?
Maybe she knew you'd fuck everything up.
I know where they're going, Ahab!
-We can catch up.
-How, Isola? How?
We can't abandon her, Ahab.
All the vehicles are damaged.
-Please--
-Isola.
There's nothing we can do, Isola.
We've done all we can.
-You only care about the gold!
-What about you?
I don't!
-I don't!
-Weapons down.
-No! Kill me!
-No.
-Pietro?
-What?!
There they are!
Pietro!
Fuck!
Isola!
Yes!
You're alive!
-I love you.
-Pietro.
I love you.
May I? No, pretend I'm not here.
I wonder…
How deep do you think it is?
What?
How deep is the lake?
Not too deep, I reckon.
We can retrieve the treasure, then.
One bar at a time, slowly.
My cousin's a marine.
What's up?
No, nothing.
You'll have to do it, I can't swim.
Do you trust me?
Water isn't my thing.
When I was a kid, I followed a dog,
fell in the lake and nearly drowned.
-No.
-So I'm scared of dogs too.
But don't tell anyone.
The national hero of Nürburgring
being scared of dogs and water…
I mean, it'll make me look bad.
We interrupt this broadcast
to communicate some extraordinary news.
The German armed forces
have surrendered to the Anglo-Americans.
The war is over.
I repeat, the war is over.
Subtitle translation by: Jaclyn McLoughlin